README.md, before:

# portfolio


-Assess examples so I have an understanding of what it is that i need to do, any areas that i think i will have trouble with speak to rob for a refresher.

-Work out the timings that i have and break down page so so i can work to a time limit, i have tended to get stuck on one thing and spend too long trying to fix it because i dont want it to "beat me" that i end up wasting time. 

-build it up in stages, get the html written and scss written first draft so you have an idea then level up certain sectors one at a time so its done and finished with

-im aiming to also do the advanced but dont sweat it if i dont get there, just make sure the basic is the best it can be first

TIME FOR TASK

WED PM          -3 HOURS   

 WRITE HTML AND FORMAT SO CLEAN AND EASY TO READ

THURS PM        -3 HOURS
WRITE SCSS

FRI PM          -3 HOURS
FINISH SCSS     HAVE CHECKED OVER BY ROB AND ASK ANY QUESTIONS SO I HAVE AN UNDERSTANDING GOING INTO THE WEEKEND

**NOTES:ADDED DIV FOR HEADER TO DIVIDE TEXT AND IMAGE, CHECK MOBILE VERSION AND MAKE AMENDEMENTS**

**Lighthouse results 100P/77A/92BP/83SEO    99P/77A/92BP/80SEO**



PLAN-
SWAP OVER IMAGES SO ITS THE RIGHT COLOR
MEDIA QUERY DESKTOP FIRST, IF I HAVE TIME AND THINGS NEED CHANGING FOR TABLET THEN DO SO BUT NOT A PRIORITY
WORK ONE SECTION AT A TIME AND TAKE IT EASY




SAT PM          -3 HOURS
BONUS IF I FALL BEHIND // START ON ADVANCED

TUES ALL DAY    -8 HOURS 
    BUFFER DAY FOR BASIC // FINISH ADVANCED

 WORST CASE BASIC TO BE FINISHED BY TUES LUNCH


plan for css
-identify what vaibles i can use
-download fonts
-* commands
-start with mobile view
-start from the top and do one at a time 
-6 sessions so an average of 1 hour on each



questions to answer:
-user agent stylesheet?? why is it not picking up my css?
-clarify how to sewt up the page so its relative, 

-how to space blocks out so they are not overlapping/relative? it all fits on the smallest mobile ut as soon as you go to just before tablet it all changes, vh/rem/%?

Commit message:

media tablet started, nav header about done

README.md, after:

# portfolio


-Assess examples so I have an understanding of what it is that i need to do, any areas that i think i will have trouble with speak to rob for a refresher.

-Work out the timings that i have and break down page so so i can work to a time limit, i have tended to get stuck on one thing and spend too long trying to fix it because i dont want it to "beat me" that i end up wasting time. 

-build it up in stages, get the html written and scss written first draft so you have an idea then level up certain sectors one at a time so its done and finished with

-im aiming to also do the advanced but dont sweat it if i dont get there, just make sure the basic is the best it can be first

TIME FOR TASK

WED PM          -3 HOURS   

 WRITE HTML AND FORMAT SO CLEAN AND EASY TO READ

THURS PM        -3 HOURS
WRITE SCSS

FRI PM          -3 HOURS
FINISH SCSS     HAVE CHECKED OVER BY ROB AND ASK ANY QUESTIONS SO I HAVE AN UNDERSTANDING GOING INTO THE WEEKEND

**NOTES:ADDED DIV FOR HEADER TO DIVIDE TEXT AND IMAGE, CHECK MOBILE VERSION AND MAKE AMENDEMENTS**

**Lighthouse results 100P/100A/92BP/92SEO mobile   98P/100A/92BP/90SEO desktop**



PLAN-
SWAP OVER IMAGES SO ITS THE RIGHT COLOR--done
MEDIA QUERY DESKTOP FIRST, IF I HAVE TIME AND THINGS NEED CHANGING FOR TABLET THEN DO SO BUT NOT A PRIORITY
WORK ONE SECTION AT A TIME AND TAKE IT EASY


-make 768 MQ
-change main div a

768 differences

-remove laptop dude from header
-technical skills to be 2 lines
-change grid to 2x3


SAT PM          -3 HOURS
BONUS IF I FALL BEHIND // START ON ADVANCED

TUES ALL DAY    -8 HOURS 
    BUFFER DAY FOR BASIC // FINISH ADVANCED

 WORST CASE BASIC TO BE FINISHED BY TUES LUNCH


plan for css
-identify what vaibles i can use
-download fonts
-* commands
-start with mobile view
-start from the top and do one at a time 
-6 sessions so an average of 1 hour on each



questions to answer:
-user agent stylesheet?? why is it not picking up my css?
-clarify how to sewt up the page so its relative, 

-how to space blocks out so they are not overlapping/relative? it all fits on the smallest mobile ut as soon as you go to just before tablet it all changes, vh/rem/%?
